I'll send a big games out of the way for
the next three really are massive Austin
moon hearing the news of that we have
gervinho and song suspended as you know
that grb and wilcher are injured and vat
joo went how we will not be available
and keeps no will keeps be available but
so basically when you apart from that
the morale is strong and the belief is
strong and of all I believe you had a
decent start open disciplinary
proceedings are the events and cheese
you know just what's your take on that
was just for a big surprise but we are
completely open to any inquiry from
where we have nothing to hide and I
don't think that we have done anything
wrong is it frustrating us in the UEFA
done is no other angle though it is a
little bit because I frankly you never
know really what a manager's band is I
did not communicate with the bench I did
watch the game from the director's box
that was quite enjoyable and so overall
that's it if I want to make an inquiry
we have nothing against that will you be
appealing of course we will because I
don't know why after the game or during
the game the rules changed to what they
told us before I didn't go to the
dressing room it looks quite strange
because you can only do the part of the
rules but interesting for them that
means 15 minutes after the game you can
talk to the media but if you cannot go
down to the dressing room you cannot go
to the media are you any further down
the line to bringing new players in this
weight or length well if you look well
at the place we have brought in you will
know it is very soon that we have
brought top quality players in and
before jenkinson Gervinho we have Mia
she we have Chamberlain you will soon
see that there are top quality players
and
we have not lost so many players we have
lost of course big players but we have
number wise we should be capable to to
do well but if you find quality will add
quality to our squad and we work very
hard on it I must tell you and we are
not as verification as we have looking
too much that the money but we want to
add top quality to our crew squad that's
all we want to do if you could just
bring one player in that what position
would it be at the moment I feel we are
bit short in midfield number wise
because we will change the RB out of
course and that's that sir we r be sure
but we can get anywhere players at the
back as well we are bit short as well
maybe how close is some men a serrated
actually leaving Arsenal now we're
hearing that the final negotiations
could be taking place well I like to
work final on the transfer market
because usually it's played with extra
time the only thing I can say is that
NASA is in the squad tomorrow and
available to be picked and to play and
would you have any hesitation implying
image he fell in not at all because one
thing I don't question is the commitment
of samir nasri for this club that the
transfer we are professional people that
can happen but every day since she has
arrived here and every day in pre-season
she has worked with a fantastic spirit
in training on the game the way a
hyperactive and they have revealed the
new team what because the darkish came
in and changed completely that team and
they bought many players if you issue
you can basically say it started in
January where they both say maybe eight
nine players
so that they fight very hard to come
back to the top for nachos you read is
not as easy as everybody thinks to be in
the top four